docs: add explanation of decorators execution order (#2085)
Redocly/redocly-cli: docs/@v2/custom-plugins/custom-decorators.md

- Follow our [replace-servers-url tutorial](../guides/replace-servers-url.md).
- Change your [OAuth2 token URL](../guides/change-token-url.md).

## Decorator execution order

The order in which decorators are executed is important and can affect the final output of your API description.
Here are the key points to understand:

- For each decorator, the `enter` function is always executed before the `leave` function.
- The order of decorator execution is determined by:
  1. The order of plugins as listed in the `plugins` array in `redocly.yaml` configuration file.
  1. The order of decorators as defined in the `decorators` object of each plugin.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

To achieve predictable results, take into account situations where decorators depend on the output of other decorators.

```

Author: To me this sounds basically the same as the [first sentence](https://github.com/Redocly/redocly-cli/pull/2085/files#diff-2231adf235063ad70b492d145b040c20d0d394b7cc3d0ed788eb633236b80027R163).

### Example

Suppose you have two plugins defined as follows:

```js
// plugins/plugin1.js
export default function plugin1() {
  return {
    id: 'plugin1',
    decorators: {
      oas3: {
        b: B,

>         a: A,

Reviewer 2: I would rename this to:
```
 oas3: {
        decorator2,
        decorator1,
```

Author: Makes sense. Thanks.

      },
    },
  };
}
```

```js
// plugins/plugin2.js
export default function plugin2() {
  return {
    id: 'plugin2',
    decorators: {
      oas3: {
        decoratorC,
      },
    },
  };
}
```

And your `redocly.yaml` has this configuration:

```yaml
plugins:
  - plugins/plugin2.js
  - plugins/plugin1.js

decorators:
  plugin1/decoratorA: on
  plugin1/decoratorB: on
  plugin2/decoratorC: on
```

> The actual execution order of the decorators is:
> 
> 1. `plugin2/decoratorC`
> 2. `plugin1/decoratorB`
> 3. `plugin1/decoratorA`
> 
> > **Note:** The order in the `decorators` section of `redocly.yaml` does not affect execution order. Only the order in the `decorators` and the `plugins` sections matters.
> 
> Understanding this order is important for predictable results, especially when decorators depend on the output of others.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The order in the `decorators` section of `redocly.yaml` **DOES NOT** affect the order in which the decorators are executed.
```

> > **Note:** The order in the `decorators` section of `redocly.yaml` does not affect execution order. Only the order in the `decorators` and the `plugins` sections matters.
> 
> Understanding this order is important for predictable results, especially when decorators depend on the output of others.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To summarize, the decorators are executed in the following order:

- The algorithm picks the first plugin from the `plugins` section of `redocly.yaml`.
- The algorithm executes the decorators from the first plugin in the order set in the `decorators` object.
- The algorithm picks the second plugin from the `plugins` section of `redocly.yaml`.
- The algorithm executes the decorators from the second plugin in the order set in the `decorators` object.

The order in the `decorators` section of `redocly.yaml` **DOES NOT** affect the order in which the decorators are executed.
```

Author: I don't think it makes sense to summarise that. The explanation above is short enough and convey more or less the same. I think we can remove that altogether. The only valuable point from that is the last sentence as it clarifies the potentially misleading way of setting the order of execution.
